


**Scenario**

You are the Lead Solutions Architect for a team within the BC Provincial Government that provides a service for making data accessible from an enterprise data warehouse, file shares, and data APIs. The data is also leveraged for data cataloguing, metadata management, and data dictionary services.

You receive a request from a data provider who has a Postgres database and wants to know how to make their data discoverable and available for others in the government, and for the public to use freely.

The data provider, lacking the knowledge of how their data is structured, is also unfamiliar with the options available to them and will require a lot of guidance.

Once you have reviewed their dataset, you decide to meet with the data provider to gather more information as well as make some recommendations.

**Assignment**

Prepare a **short** presentation or document in a format of your choosing to guide the conversation with the client. Consider the following points:

- What information needs to be obtained and considered to make this data shareable in either the data warehouse or on a file share?
- What additional information/attributes you may need to effectively catalog the data within a data dictionary or catalog service?
- What issues might you face with a client who is unfamiliar with data best practices?
- How will you manage the stakeholder expectations?
- How would you ensure you are getting the information you need?
- Would anyone else be involved, and if so, who and why?

Format examples, either attached or shared:
•	PowerPoint slides with speaking notes
•	Word document with bullet points, descriptions
•	Excel spreadsheet with talking points/bulleted list
•	Collaborative whiteboard

You can use any fonts, graphics, visuals, supplementary material (e.g., diagrams, tables, etc.) that support you to convey your messages.
