**Scenario & Assignment**

You are required to move data into a data warehouse. You are provided with a dataset containing information about
electric and alternative fuel vehicles in Washington state. Write an ETL script in Python or R that extracts,
transforms, and loads the dataset into a data warehouse. The code must be stored in a public GitHub repository with
documentation using features like comments, READMEs, or wikis.

Please note: Your code only needs to cover the ETL script, not the provisioning of any additional assets. A GitHub
repository link is all that is required to submit for this question.

**Tasks:**

1. Extract and Explore

- Extract the dataset and examine its structure.
- Explore the characteristics (central tendency, distribution, dispersion) of at least three features.

1. Clean and Transform

- Handle missing values in a consistent way.
- Convert/encode at least 1 categorical variable to optimize storage.

1. Load Data as Facts and Dimensions
    - Determine a suitable dimensional model for the data warehouse.
    - Prepare data frames for loading into a star or snowflake schema.

You can download the dataset from the following
link: [Electric Vehicle Population Data](https://data.wa.gov/api/views/f6w7-q2d2/rows.csv?accessType=DOWNLOAD)

Data definitions:

**VIN:** Vehicle Identification Number.

**County:** The county where the vehicle is registered.

**City:** The city where the vehicle is registered.

**State:** The state where the vehicle is registered (all entries are "WA" for Washington state).

**Postal Code:** The postal code of the vehicle registration location.

**Model Year:** The year of the vehicle's model.

**Make:** The manufacturer of the vehicle.

**Model:** The model of the vehicle.

**Electric Vehicle Type:** The type of electric vehicle (Battery Electric Vehicle - BEV, Plug-in Hybrid Electric
Vehicle - PHEV).

**Clean Alternative Fuel Vehicle (CAFV) Eligibility:** Indicating whether the vehicle is eligible for clean alternative
fuel vehicle status.

**Electric Range:** The electric range of the vehicle in miles.

**Base MSRP:** The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price of the vehicle.

**Legislative District:** The legislative district associated with the vehicle.

**DOL Vehicle ID:** The identification number of the vehicle in the Department of Licensing system.

**Vehicle Location:** The latitude and longitude coordinates of the vehicle location.

**Electric Utility:** The electric utility company associated with the vehicle.

**2020 Census Tract:** The 2020 Census Tract code of the vehicle location.