# Data Platform Architecture Design for Retail Company

**Scenario & Assignment**

You are a Lead Solutions Architect working on a software development team designing a new data platform for a large retail company that wants to analyze sales data across multiple stores.

As part of your role, you are tasked to provide the high-level design which meets business requirements and aligns with data management best practices.

As part of the design include a strategy for organizing your small team to ensure you're able to efficiently and effectively deliver the solution and work with clients such as those in question 1.

Propose multiple (no more than 3) options and explain the pros and cons of each.

## Requirements Summary

### Technical Requirements:
- Data sources include relational databases (Oracle, Postgres, etc.), No-SQL databases (MongoDB, Cassandra, etc.), File transfers (FTP, SFTP, and SFG), Streaming events, and REST APIs.
- Integrate data from the above sources and apply ETL/ELT best practises for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading.
- Consider implementing data quality, data transformation, and data security.
- Downstream applications include Reporting and Analytics platforms (Power BI, Metabase, Tableau, etc.), data science (ex: forecasting, prediction, classification, etc.)
- Downstream uses of the data may include various AI services.

### Business Requirements:
- The proposed architecture should handle structured, unstructured, and semi-structured data formats.
- Architecture should handle batch, streaming, and ad hoc refresh cycles.
- Final data tables should hold the history records.
- The proposed architecture should be optimised to handle a high volume of records for reporting and business intelligence.

---
